"So this small island, that's 6 to 7 feet. It depends on how much. Sometimes the wind takes that
weight to the edge, and then it just stops there, but then again the wind kind of picks another one
occasionally, and then it goes. Everyone says this is the representation of that lotus stop. It is
nice.
And particularly it's true in the story. It's a true story because not so often there are famous, I
mean not famous, renowned Walees. Walees are called Kasha Walees. Kasha is one of the, again, Wale
es, there are so many inhabitants. Kasha Walees, and then Puti Walees, Thikarwala, Sankarwala, Sank
arwala. Kasha, Puti, Sankarwala, there are three tribes.
The ancient part of Tibet, even after that, but now it's part of India. Anyway, these women, they
have different dress, they have different customs. They say that Kasha, women's dress, they said K
asha is dress of Dakini's dress.
And I think Puti, Puti's dress of women's is like peacock dress, peacock systems. I think Puti or S
ankar, and then Sankar has something, I'd poke it, but it's true, Kasha's dress is a different dress
than what we see in the Thangas, the Dakini dress was like the Thangas, but the Dakini's were kind
of like that.
And these Puti ladies wear these shoals, make so many layers, layers with their colors, and make
these tassels behind when they move, this whole bunch of layers of clothes are moving back and
forth.
So this is like peacock, peacock custom. Anyway, this is really quite work now, that's what the A
ries says.
How about them? This Kasha is the land of Dakini, and Kasha has a very famous statue of also our
location, very famous statue, and a southbound image.
So then Kasha has always the claims, they have the very special connection, Gurbel Masambha,
particularly all those women's, has very special connection, Gurbel Masambha.
Because when Sahar came, burned Gurbel Masambha, and then he transformed the fire into the water,
when he came out of that fire, Kasha, the lady, the one, the first offered him the food.
Food, so after the whole days, many days, he was, you know, in the day he had the food, they were
the one first offered ever since.
Then they had the very special one, like everybody's with these Kasha ladies, and then Kasha played
Gurbel Masambha, those women come to play Gurbel Masambha, when they sang songs.
This is when they come to Sophyama, definitely this island will come to them, because they have the
special connection, they are the one first offered him the food.
So they, I think, they're stores, tradition, and we know that when this Kasha group comes, in
particular the women's are kind of old and talk, they really sing long times with flow, and they're
singing songs with, I think, maybe Mataram verpema, some of Chaiti.
I don't know what I mean, but he's, I think, some other really times, you know, like that, that
really comes.
And we saw, when they joined, it really looks like they're coming, coming, the wind blows, twelve
of them, and then they, they go to kata, kata, torokata, so this land, this small island has so
many katas, they're all torokata.
And then our father also offered his wooden ball, ball that we carry, to bed, everybody has wooden
ball.
I mean, there's no carbon collectors, everybody carry their own balls.
And then, in the Tibetan, their wooden balls are very, they make a lot of explanations.
And this wooden ball, that wood, this wood, the quality of the wood is very, very expensive,
because they make a lot of explanations.
Actually, now these days, that the best wood, that's what they call the zap, harve, zap wood,
really, like, I mean, in the Buddha Gaya here, we heard, there sells over 300,000 rupees, one ball,
one wooden ball.
So in Tibetan, zap is the best. Zap is, even they say, in the, when you look today, the grains of
the wood has gold, gold, they say, has gold.
In ancient thought, they say, zap full, you have, anybody give the poison, poison, that, that the
wood will crack.
They say that too. We don't know. But it's really expensive now.
But the Buddha Gaya, there's so many marketers, in the wintertime, we can't admit in Korea this
time, how much gold still there?
This is over 300,000 rupees. You can't believe, really, that's it.
But father, I don't have that ball. But he has one nice ball, kind of like, he like, like very much
, and carried all the people to bed, I mean, that's his place.
So when he got in the Sope amount, and he filled that with grains, and now he's going to offer that
.
He's belonging to Gurbam or something.
And for grains, like food, and some fruit, I don't know, dry fruit, and all the filled with that.
And so I think one time that Arling is moving toward him, maybe not just for him,
but maybe it's just a move at that time. But anyway, at that time, with the Katha, he also offered
that.
And he joined him in these seven chapters of praise, whatever that is, he also really offered that
too.
And so that's the story.